Add branch/init overview (#549)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

~~~~~
{: title="Client Z removes client B from the group"}

## Relationships Between Epochs

> A group comprises a single linear sequence of epochs. However, it can sometimes
> be useful to express relationships between epochs, either within a group or
> across groups.  MLS derives a resumption pre-shared key (PSK) from each epoch to
> allow entropy extracted from one epoch to be injected into a future epoch,
> effectively creating a causal link between the two epochs.

Reviewer: I feel like it doesn't become clear here, what the actual benefits of this are. Although the full details should probably go into the architecture docs. Something as follows maybe?

```suggestion
A group comprises a single linear sequence of epochs and groups are generally
independent of one-another. However, it can sometimes be useful to link epochs
cryptographically, either within a group or across groups. MLS derives a
resumption pre-shared key (PSK) from each epoch to allow entropy extracted from
one epoch to be injected into a future epoch. This link guarantees that members
entering the new epoch agree on a key if and only if were members of the group
during the epoch from which the resumption key was extracted.
```
